Add loaded_at_field limitation to bigquery batch freshness (#8867)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/bigquery-changes.md

Setting this flag to `True` improves the performance of the `source freshness` command significantly, especially when a project contains a large (1000+) number of sources.

:::caution Using `loaded_at_field` with batch freshness
With `bigquery_use_batch_source_freshness` enabled, dbt determines freshness from BigQuery metadata tables.

When you configure a `loaded_at_field` on a source, dbt runs a column-based freshness check for that source instead of metadata-based freshness.

> However, if `loaded_at_field` is set on _all_ sources, freshness will fail with a compilation error (`list object has no element 0` in `get_relation_last_modified`). This occurs because the `bigquery_use_batch_source_freshness` flag assumes at least one source uses metadata-based freshness; configuring `loaded_at_field` on all sources breaks this assumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if `loaded_at_field` is set on _all_ sources, freshness fails with a compilation error (`list object has no element 0` in `get_relation_last_modified`). This occurs because the `bigquery_use_batch_source_freshness` flag assumes at least one source uses metadata-based freshness; configuring `loaded_at_field` on all sources breaks this assumption.
```
